The Deltin brand promises an ideal mix of entertainment and hospitality, reflecting luxury and innovative lifestyles that match some of the best in the world. Featuring India’s largest integrated resorts and offshore casinos in carefully selected locations, The Deltin Group, owned by Delta Corp Ltd – has redefined the country’s gaming and hospitality services.

Our integrated resorts under the Deltin Group banner have become premier destinations for travel enthusiasts around India & the world. We have raised the bar of excellence in the hospitality industry, providing unparalleled guest service, a luxurious atmosphere and a dynamic resort experience with each and every visit.

From luxurious suites to spectacular gaming rooms, intimate lounges, ultra-relaxing spa services and award-winning cuisine, we created a niche premium experience at each of our exquisite properties in Goa & Daman.

The guiding business philosophy of Delta Corp. Ltd. is to see things from our guests' perspective. All aspects of our resorts have only one goal: to make our guests' time with us as unforgettably enjoyable as possible. If you visit any of our properties, you will soon see how we continually strive to make the resort experience all about you.

Delta Corp Ltd. owns and operates casinos and resorts in Goa and is expected to start soon in Daman, all under the ‘Deltin’ brand. Having entered this sunrise sector, Delta Corp Ltd enjoys early-mover advantages in the high potential Gaming industry. It is the largest gaming company in India and the only listed company in this space. Delta Corp Ltd. currently operates two of its three offshore casinos in Goa. It operates Deltin Royale and Deltin Jaqk, the country’s two largest 'live' offshore casinos. Further, Delta Corp Ltd. will also shortly launch its onshore gaming operations in the Union Territory of Daman.

India's largest, most luxurious casino that offers something for everyone. Besides international and domestic games, Deltin Royale has the country's only dedicated Royale Poker Room as well as an exclusive Taash room for Indian Flush. The Vegas restaurant has a lavish multi-cuisine buffet along with live entertainment every night. The exclusive Whiskys VIP Lounge offers a magnificent selection of Single Malts and hand-rolled cigars. Deltin Royale also offers deluxe VIP Gaming Suites that select guests can choose to stay and play in.

Delta Corp. Ltd. operates resorts in Goa and Daman all under the ‘Deltin’ brand. The Deltin, Deltin Suites and Deltin Palms provide unparalleled guest service, a luxurious atmosphere and an exciting experience with each visit. The Deltin and Deltin Suites recently having being accredited with the prestigious 5-star rating only confirm Delta Corp’s pursuit of excellence.

India's largest casino integrated resort, The Deltin is a world of new experiences and luxury. Enter this, opulent 5-star property that has a range of exquisite avenues for everyone in the family. Explore your favourite cuisines at The Emperor and The Vegas or unwind at The Whiskys, the bar for gentlemen with taste. Relax & rejuvenate at the spa or enjoy a swim in one of our pools, the grandest dip in Daman. Adding to this perfect experience are retail as well as wedding and MICE spaces. Step into The Deltin, Daman - a notch above, and a class apart.